hello girls I hope you are very
all right
It's been a while since I posted video
Well, I'm here again with a mini
I loved it and the truth is that it
I want to show are very very beautiful and the
theme from peacocks and well then it
is going to move the camera a little bit
because I want to do some
approaches then it's going to move a
bit
good on the cover has several flowers
and some are prime flowers others are
flowers that I made with a ribbon has
many details many little details and
very bright and I loved the
result here because some have
other chaquiras have these in brax with
with a lot of brightness they have spangle
has this butterfly metal that
It made me very pretty and good because it has
this electrolyte that we can put
some phrase or the name of the person to
which for what is going to be the album and
well here I put this provisional for
to see what can be taken out and put with
ease also to decorate I put this
pen that I loved that I was made
super pretty that is a feather
pavorreal
and they have some accounts and some
pearls in the rings I always put a lot
very smart but this time he only has
this bow with an organza ribbon I think
which is organza and now I put this
llaverito that is a feather also of
metal for a burger is super
pretty this garment I love also I know
very pretty this mini has many
little details like that and that's why I
loved the result and well let's go
to see it is an album in sonar very is
dynamic because it has a lot of movement
in each of the pages for example
this page the first page here is
can put a picture and hold
perfect with this ribbon or we can
paste and it opens is a folder cited and in
every page where we can also
place a photograph and hold it and in
this side also has some
pockets where we can stick more
Photographs
write write and here also they
I say that there is another photograph more and here
another one and each one has a
different pocket
then they can be removed perfectly
I'm holding a camera and good
well so on the next page you have
details also very nice this ribbon
I really like it a lot
the flowers that she has I love and good
only that stood
of detail on the page since the the
sheet in the design is very nice the
flowers that are below are very beautiful
and here I put this back he also quoted that
one opens up and one towards
down these spaces for here are for
photographs and also everyone has a
pocket where we can also write
or we can place more pictures inside
And this is a matter of imagination where
they want to put the pictures and
it seems that the album has nothing
more a space the best thing out here
to put pictures but you can not
put pictures inside too
and in the pockets this page then
It also has many flowers and has there
some bright details and good
let's move on to the next page this
it's from my favorite pages because this
paper I loved that they are some feathers
pavorreal white with purple and me
he did super nice is a pocket is a
pocket and in I crossed some tags
labels where you can put pictures
You can put pictures and I put them as
decoration this this pebble is at
reverse this pebble in green and
this more
it was very nice
and here I set a bar more than what they
I say but now in purple so that
contrast in the color green and with what
little purple that has here
and we go to the next page to the
next page is also very nice to
I loved the paper that is underneath
that is a very nice peacock and not
I wanted to cover it so much that the pocket
I did it with acetate so that it could be
see the peacock below and here I placed
the pen and it looks like it's a
pen of the same peacock that is here
back just place a flower some flowers
down here to hold the pen and
well here put a tag where they can
put go here in the sketch can you
put several pictures or here put them
in such and write
behind this paper is also very
cute are some peacock feathers in
purple
and well let's see the next page
the next page is also very
simple has this little bag here and
has these flowers in purple for
contrast with the color pink and here I am
to skirt very very pretty pink and
teams are so more where we can
write and we can also place more
photographs inside the pocket we pass
to the next page this is also me
It makes me very beautiful I love this favor
real is going from leader in color like this
white and the tail looks so pretty
this paper is the same as we had at
other side but it 's pink and
orange and then the same ribbon but
now in pink stronger this is
lift up and we can place
pictures up here and we can
place photography here and we raise it and
also photograph from behind or power
to write
on the envelope some of the photographs
we go to the next page the next
page I also love is a page
very simple you see this peacock here in
one side with the very beautiful tail and this is
a very simple space where only one
photography and here are the flowers of
germ in our with this such as
it is perfect
the photograph here within the
from the corners
here photography is very good and here
also natura with flowers would look
very beautiful a photograph there inside
and well, we go to the next page
which is also my favorite is
I love this paper with these pens
that are here and I put this metal with
a pen in and this these pretty
metal that gave me very nice these
flowers that I love and this is a
pocket of the acetate also and here
inside has a little book where we can
to write
and well, here
and here it ends
peacock
I hope you liked it and see you
soon